fix(android): ensure that WXEntryActivity is installed in parent Capacitor project namespace and misc updates to support that (#12)
quanticedu/cordova-plugin-wechat: README.md

## Install

* Run the following in the appropriate Capacitor directory:

  ```shell
  yarn add cordova-plugin-wechat@github:quanticedu/cordova-plugin-wechat
  ```

* Configure appropriate variables in `capacitor.config.json`:

  ```json
  {
    ...
    "cordova": {
      "preferences": {
        ...
        "WECHATAPPID": "<your_wechat-app_id>",
        "UNIVERSALLINK": "<your_universal_link>",
        ...
      }
    },
    ...
  }
  ```

* Run `yarn cap sync` in the appopriate Capacitor directory

### !!!IMPORTANT NOTE FOR ANDROID!!!

> * If using a version of Capacitor less than v6.1, the `capacitor:sync:before` hook that executes `./scripts/android-install.js` in this plugin won't get executed automatically. For this reason, we export an `android-install` execute via the `bin` property in this project's `package.json`.

Author: ```suggestion
* If using a version of Capacitor less than v6.1, the `capacitor:sync:before` hook that executes `./scripts/android-install.js` in this plugin won't get executed automatically. For this reason, we export an `android-install` executable in this project's `package.json`.
```
